README.md, before:

## Hi, I'm Exxon Gonzalez 👋
📍 Tijuana, Baja California | 📧 [exxon.eagv@hotmail.com](mailto:exxon.eagv@hotmail.com) | 📞 (+52)6641764482

---
## About me
Hi there! My name is Exxon Gonzalez, and I am a Computer Engineer. I likely enjoy working with teammates, am highly self-motivated and autodidactic, and always want to learn new skills. I perform well under pressure, adapt quickly to challenges, and consistently strive for excellence in every project. I consider myself proactive, reliable, and committed to contributing positively to any project i join.

---

## 🛠 Technical Skills
- **Languages & Tools:** C#, JavaScript, SQL Server, HTML5, CSS3, Git, Python, MERN Stack.
- **Other abilities** Excelente comunication with customers, and network troubleshooting.
- **Other:** Bilingual - Spanish and English

---

## 💻 Projects  
- **⚙️Softengineer.exe** (www.softwareengineerexe.com): Website created with HTML, CSS and Javascript. It loads books with a dynamic Json to make a book listing and separate them into categories. In constant updates.
- **☕Coffee landing page template**(https://github.com/Exxon-Gonzalez/CoffeeHomepage): My own landing website design template for coffee business.  

---

## 🎓 Education  
- High School Diploma with Technical Specialization in Computer Science (2016-2019)
- Bachelor of Science in Computer Systems Engineering (2019-2024)

---

## 📜 Certifications  
- Structured Cabling and Networking Certificate (Leviton)
- Network fundamentals (Cisco Networking)

---

## 📚 Relevant Coursework
- Databases
- Software Engineering Fundamentals
- Web programming and .NET
  
---

## 💼 Work Experience  
**General administrator - SEM soluciones electromecanicas (2022–2023)**  
- Management, monitoring, and oversight of purchase orders, quotations, invoicing, and requisitions.
- Implementation of NAS systems, cloud-based file storage, CCTV, data backup solutions, and configuration
 of LAN, WLAN, and access points.
- Good comunication with costumers.

**IT & Network Support – Prime Wheel Mexico (2023-2025)**
- Provided user support through ticketing system (Helpdesk) and on-site technical assistance
- Performed hardware, software, and OS updates on workstations.
- Diagnosed and resolved software, hardware, and network issues.
- Configured shared folders in domain environments and managed printer installations.
- Troubleshot technical issues in conventional and Zebra printers.
- Diagnosed and resolved failures in CCTV, telephony, data/voice networks.

---

Feel free to reach out or connect! 🚀

Commit message:

Fix spelling errors and update work experience section
Corrected spelling errors in 'Excelente' to 'Excelent' and 'comunication' to 'communication'. Updated job title and responsibilities for clarity and detail.

README.md, after:

## Hi, I'm Exxon Gonzalez 👋
📍 Tijuana, Baja California | 📧 [exxon.eagv@hotmail.com](mailto:exxon.eagv@hotmail.com) | 📞 (+52)6641764482

---
## About me
Hi there! My name is Exxon Gonzalez, and I am a Computer Engineer. I likely enjoy working with teammates, am highly self-motivated and autodidactic, and always want to learn new skills. I perform well under pressure, adapt quickly to challenges, and consistently strive for excellence in every project. I consider myself proactive, reliable, and committed to contributing positively to any project i join.

---

## 🛠 Technical Skills
- **Languages & Tools:** C#, JavaScript, SQL Server, HTML5, CSS3, Git, Python, MERN Stack.
- **Other abilities** Excelent comunication with customers, and network troubleshooting.
- **Other:** Bilingual - Spanish and English

---

## 💻 Projects  
- **⚙️Softengineer.exe** (www.softwareengineerexe.com): Website created with HTML, CSS and Javascript. It loads books with a dynamic Json to make a book listing and separate them into categories. In constant updates.
- **☕Coffee landing page template**(https://github.com/Exxon-Gonzalez/CoffeeHomepage): My own landing website design template for coffee business.  

---

## 🎓 Education  
- High School Diploma with Technical Specialization in Computer Science (2016-2019)
- Bachelor of Science in Computer Systems Engineering (2019-2024)

---

## 📜 Certifications  
- Structured Cabling and Networking Certificate (Leviton)
- Network fundamentals (Cisco Networking)

---

## 📚 Relevant Coursework
- Databases
- Software Engineering Fundamentals
- Web programming and .NET
  
---

## 💼 Work Experience  
**Web Development & IT Solutions - SEM soluciones electromecanicas (2022–2023)**  
- Designed and developed the company’s website from scratch, including domain acquisition and hosting setup.
- Conducted IT-related price comparisons and quotations to optimize procurement decisions.
- Continuously improved and updated the website to enhance functionality and user experience.
- Developed a custom C# application for generating quotations, incorporating variables such as tax, product profitability, and business margins. The application exported finalized quotations as branded PDF documents ready to send to the customers.


---

Feel free to reach out or connect! 🚀
